hello my name is Seth Elliott and I work
for Empire design Co
which is an architectural firm located
in New York City
this company has been around for over 30
years adding and developing new projects
throughout the city and across all five
boroughs
whether it be new construction or
preserving and remodeling
old construction to keep the richness of
New York City's architecture alive
this is why we're excited to bring to
you our new project
which will be in Brooklyn Heights
this will be our first time venturing
down to Brooklyn Heights it's an
up-and-coming area we'll be doing some
high-rises maybe a few browse zones and
as well as maybe some condos
we will be there probably doing
construction and things until about
2025.
so if you're a business or if you're
looking to move
look for our company stamp and we're
excited to be here in Brooklyn Heights
and we'll
see you soon